More important docs! (#2317)
spacedriveapp/spacedrive: docs/product/guides/jobs.mdx

| FileCutter       | "Cutting X files"                             | Cut or "move" files.                                                                                      |
| FileCopier       | "Copying X files"                             | Copy files.                                                                                               |
| FileEraser       | "Erasing X files"                             | Permanently erase a file                                                                                  |
| LocationCleaner  | "Removing Location"                           | Cleans up all data related to a location on delete.                                                       |

### Job Manager

The job manager allows you to see current jobs, expand them to see various child jobs. Jobs with only one child, such as copying a single file, will not be expandable by clicking.

Job history can be cleared by hitting the small trash icon on the job manager, this will not remove any ongoing jobs.

> Up to 3 jobs can run simultaneously, this might be configurable in the future. Certain jobs like thumbnailing and labeling have slider control for CPU usage in the general settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Up to 3 jobs can run simultaneously, although this may be configurable in the future. More CPU-intensive jobs like thumbnailing and labelling have an upper limit for CPU usage set in the General settings page.
```
